[wip] error handling guide (#7749)
Rapptz/discord.py: docs/guide/topics/error_handling.rst

.. currentmodule:: discord

==========================
Errors and Error Handling
==========================

Handling Errors
===============

When an error ocurrs in a command or an event, it will, by default, show an error in the console to denote that the error 

> ocurred and has been silently ignored. In order to avoid this, an error handler is needed.

Reviewer: i'm not sure if its "silently ignored" if it showed an error in the console, might be bad wording here?

> ocurred and has been silently ignored. In order to avoid this, an error handler is needed.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
ocurred and has been silently handled. In order to change this behaviour, an error handler is required.
```

Slightly change the wording here to read a little better and more human-like. Also less "absolute" in their definitions.

In :ref:`Commands <discord_ext_commands>`
-----------------------------------------

> All errors that are raised by a command derive from :exc:`~.ext.commands.CommandError`. If an error that occurs during a command does

Reviewer: wouldn't this be better after after showing global error handlers as stuff?, as in this case i might have no clue how i got the "error" here or where it's showing up, which might confuse people

not inherit from :exc:`~.ext.commands.CommandError`, it will automatically get wrapped in a :exc:`~.ext.commands.CommandInvokeError`, 
to retrieve/unwrap this error we need to access it's ``.original`` attribute.

**Example**

.. code-block:: python3

    if isinstance(error, commands.CommandInvokeError):
         error = error.original

Global Error handlers
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

You can create global error handlers by creating :func:`.on_command_error` events, which work like any other event in 
the :ref:`discord-api-events`, these are called for every exception that occurs in a command, before invoke hooks, command
converters, etc.

**Example**

.. code-block:: python3
    :emphasize-lines: 1, 2

    @bot.listen()

>     async def on_command_error(ctx, error):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    async def on_command_error(ctx: commands.Context, error: commands.CommmandError) -> None:
```
I believe since we are now a strongly typed library we should be suggesting typehints here.

        """ This is an example global error handler. """

        # First we unwrap any error that gets wrapped in a CommandInvokeError
        if isinstance(error, commands.CommandInvokeError):
            error = error.original

        # Then we continue with our actual logic:

        # We use isinstance() to check which error ocurred:

>         if isinstance(error, commansd.CommandNotFound):

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
        if isinstance(error, commands.CommandNotFound):
```

>             await ctx.send("I couldn't find that command, sorry!")
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            await ctx.send("I couldn't find that command, sorry!")
            return
```
Should probably early return.

        elif isinstance(error, commands.NotOwner):

>             await ctx.send("This command can only be used by my owner!")
> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
            await ctx.send("This command can only be used by my owner!")
            return
```

        else:  # Important!
            print(f"Ignoring unhandled exception in command {ctx.command!r}")
            traceback.print_exception(type(error), error, error.__traceback__)
            

.. note::

>     We don't want our global error handler to 'eat' our unhandled errors without displaying anything in the console, so we add

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    We don't want our global error handler to indirectly silence our unhandled errors without displaying anything in the console, so we add
```
Whilst 'eat' is the term we use in-server and as the concept, it sounds a bit unnatural in a formal document such as this.

    an :ref:`else <py:else>` statement at the end of our logic and handle all the remaining 'unhandled' errors.

Local Error Handlers
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

In :class:`Cogs <~ext.commands.Cog>`

***************************************

To handle errors in only a single :class:`~ext.commands.Cog` you override it's :meth:`~ext.commands.Cog.cog_command_error` method,

> which gets called when an error occurs inside of this Cog.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
which gets called when an error occurs inside of Command defined within this Cog.
```

Should probably be a bit more explicit here, since you can have listeners and other methods in the class that won't call this handler.

**Example**

.. code-block:: python3
    :emphasize-lines: 8

    class ExampleCog(commands.Cog):

>         async def cog_check(ctx):

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
        async def cog_check(self, ctx):
```
You forgot to add `self`.

            """ Custom check for this cog only. """

>             if ctx.guild and ctx.guild.id != 336642139381301249:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
            if ctx.guild and ctx.guild.id != GUILD_ID:
```
or something similar, having a guild id here is confusing

                raise commands.DisabledCommand

        async def cog_command_error(self, ctx, error):
            """ This error handler is only for this specific Cog. """

            if isinstance(error, commands.DisabledCommand):
                await ctx.send(f"The command {ctx.command!r} cannot be used in this server!")
      
In a :class:`~.ext.commands.Command`

************************************

> 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Extra newline?

To handle errors for a specific command, we decorate the function with :meth:`~ext.commands.Command.error`, which will 
only get called for that specific command.

You can use the same function for multiple commands too, simply by adding multiple decorators on top of it.

**Example**

.. code-block:: python3
    :emphasize-lines: 17, 18

    @bot.command()
    @commands.has_permissions(kick_members=True)
    @commands.bot_has_permissions(kick_members=True)
    async def kick(ctx, member: discord.Member):
        """ Kicks a member from this server. """
        await member.kick()
        await ctx.send(f"Kicked {member}! Bye bye.")

    @bot.command()
    @commands.has_permissions(ban_members=True)
    @commands.bot_has_permissions(ban_members=True)
    async def ban(ctx, member: discord.User):
        """ Bans a member from this server. """
        await ctx.guild.ban(user)
        await ctx.send(f"Banned {member}! Begone.")

    @kick.error
    @ban.error
    async def kick_error(ctx, error):
        """ This error handler is only for the `kick` and `ban` commands """

>         if isinstance(error, commands.MissingPermissions):

Author: how so?

            formatted_perms = ', '.join(error.missing_perms)
            await ctx.send(f'You are missing the following permissions: {perms}')

        elif isinstance(error, commands.BotMissingPermissions):
            formatted_perms = ', '.join(error.missing_perms)
            await ctx.send(f'I am missing the following permissions: {perms}')

> .. warning::

Reviewer 4: I think a warning is a bit much. A reference to the "using global and local error handlers together" section might also be worthwhile. 
I also disagree with the line 
> If you're handling unhandled errors 
    in it, do not handle them in local error handlers, as this may cause them to be handled twice or more.

There are a number of ways to handle the same error in different ways in different handlers, which you cover later.

    After the local error handlers get called, the global error handler gets called too. If you're handling unhandled errors 
    in it, do not handle them in local error handlers, as this may cause them to be handled twice or more.

> Using Global and Local Error Handlers Together

Reviewer 4: A key problem with this section is you don't address why you can handle it this way- error callback calling order is guaranteed to be command local, cog local, global

Reviewer 2: Seconded, I feel this is worth an explicit mention somewhere and referenced to here.

~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Some times, you may want or need to use local and global error handlers, in these cases, there are multiple ways of checking if 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Sometimes, you may want or need to use local and global error handlers, in these cases, there are multiple ways of checking if 
```

> Some times, you may want or need to use local and global error handlers, in these cases, there are multiple ways of checking if 

Reviewer 4: I would expand to "cog local, command local, and global"

the error has already been handled before. There are many approaches on how to do this:

- Using the :meth:`Cog.has_error_handler <discord.ext.commands.Cog.has_error_handler>`
  and :meth:`Command.has_error_handler <discord.ext.commands.Command.has_error_handler>`
  methods in your global error handler.

> **Example**

Reviewer 4: I don't think an example is needed here. You can simply explain this- It's a single conditional.

            # We do the same for the command.
            return
        
        # Simpler way to handle CommandInvokeError using getattr
        error = getattr(error, 'original', error)

        # Then we continue with our error handling as normal...
        print(f"Ignoring unhandled exception in command {ctx.command!r}")
        traceback.print_exception(type(error), error, error.__traceback__)

- Attaching flags to the :class:`Context <~.ext.commands.Context>` to denote the error has been handled.

**Example**

*1. In the local error handler, we attach an attribute to our Context:*

.. code-block:: python3

    @ban.error
    async def ban_error(ctx, error):
        """ Handles only the MissingRequiredArgument error. """

        if isinstance(error, commands.MissingRequiredArgument):
            # We set an attribute to the context that will then
            # be detected in the global error handler.
            ctx.ignore_error = True

            # Then we do the rest
            await ctx.send(f'Please mention the person to ban using `{ctx.clean_prefix}ban @member`')

*2. Then, in our error handler, we use ``getattr()`` to check for the custom attribute we just set:*

..

>     Note, I couldn't get to reference getattr() to the python docs... >_<

Reviewer 4: Someone else probably knows the answer to this but I'll elevate it for attention.

Reviewer 5: ```rst
*2. Then, in our error handler, we use* :func:`getattr` *to check for the custom attribute we just set:*
```
I think this solves it.
Found out that Sphinx can't parse ``` :func:`getattr` ``` and other references in a formatted string.

.. code-block:: python3

    @bot.listen('on_command_error')
    async def global_error_handler(ctx, error):
        """ Global error handler that handles errors that aren't maked as ignored"""

>         # Check if `ctx.ignore_error` is True

Reviewer 4: this can just be a hasattr since we're not subclassing context in this example.
Maybe you should subclass context?

Reviewer 2: Seconded, `hasattr` over `getattr` here.

        if getattr(ctx, 'ignore_error', False) is True:
            return  # we ignore the error

        # Simpler way to handle CommandInvokeError using getattr
        error = getattr(error, 'original', error)

        # Then we continue with our error handling as normal...
        print(f"Ignoring unhandled exception in command {ctx.command!r}")
        traceback.print_exception(type(error), error, error.__traceback__)

In :ref:`Events <discord-api-events>`
-------------------------------------

If an error ocurrs in an event, it does not go to any command error handler, as it is not a command. These errors are instead

> propagated to :meth:`~Client.on_error`, and can be retrieved with a standard call to :func:`sys.exc_info`. 

Reviewer 4: Mentioning on_error's event-only behavior is important enough to drag to the top. Hiding it under the example is probably not a great move

**Example**

.. code-block:: python3

    import sys
    import traceback

    @client.event
    async def on_error(event, *args, **kwargs):
        """ Handles errors in events. """

>         # Firs we get the information of the error:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
        # First we get the information of the error:
```

>         # Firs we get the information of the error:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
        # First we get the information of the error:
```

        err_text = ''.join(err_lines)

        # Then we can do whatever with these, for example, printing them to console,
        # or even sending them to some log channel to keep track of them!
        print(f"Ignoring unhandled exception in event {event!r}\n{err_text}")

.. note::

    ``on_error`` will only be dispatched to :meth:`Client.event`.

    It will not be received by :meth:`Client.wait_for`, or, if used, :ref:`ext_commands_api_bot` listeners such as
    :meth:`~ext.commands.Bot.listen` or :meth:`~ext.commands.Cog.listener`.

In :ref:`Interactions <interactions_api>`
-----------------------------------------

In :ref:`Views <discord_ui_kit>`
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Handling errors in a :class:`~.ui.View` is as simple as overriding it's :meth:`~.ui.View.on_error`.

**Example**

.. code-block:: python3

    class ErrorHandledView(discord.ui.View):

        async def on_error(self, error, item, interaction):
            """ Handles errors for this view. """
            ...

In :ref:`Application Commands <discord_app_commands>`
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> To handle errors in a :class:`~.app_commands.CommandTree` there's two ways of doing so:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
There are two ways of handling errors in a :class:`~.app_commands.CommandTree`:
```
This is grammatically incorrect. I was originally thinking you should change it to `To handle errors in a CommandTree there are two ways of doing so:` but that sounds weird and wrong. Perhaps you can use this or `Handling errors in a CommandTree requires you to use one of the following:` or `To handle errors in a CommandTree there are two ways:` or something similar.

        """ Handles errors for all application commands
            associated with this CommandTree.
        """

        # We unpack all CommandInvokeErrors first.
        if isinstance(error, app_commands.CommandInvokeError):
            error = error.original

        # Then we continue with our actual logic:

        needs_syncing = (
            app_commands.CommandSignatureMismatch, 
            app_commands.CommandNotFound,
        )

        if isinstance(error, needs_syncing):
            await interaction.response.send_message(
                "Sorry, but this command seems to be unavailable! "
                "Please try again later...", ephemeral=True)
            await tree.sync()
        
        else:  # important!
            print(f"Ignoring unhandled exception in application command {command!r}")
            traceback.print_exception(type(error), error, error.__traceback__)

.. note::
    We don't want our error handler to 'eat' our unhandled application command errors without displaying anything in the console, 
    so we add an :ref:`else <py:else>` statement at the end of our logic and handle all the remaining 'unhandled' errors.

.. warning::

>     :ref:`ext_commands_api_bot` already have a :attr:`Bot.tre <~ext.commands.Bot.tree>` associated with it, attempting to create a 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    :ref:`ext_commands_api_bot` already has a :attr:`Bot.tree <~ext.commands.Bot.tree>` associated with it, attempting to create a 
```

>     :ref:`ext_commands_api_bot` already have a :attr:`Bot.tre <~ext.commands.Bot.tree>` associated with it, attempting to create a 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
    :ref:`ext_commands_api_bot` already has a :attr:`Bot.tree <~ext.commands.Bot.tree>` associated with it, attempting to create a 
```

.. currentmodule:: discord

Errors and Error Handling
==========================

Handling Errors
---------------

> When an error ocurrs in am ext.commands command, a client event, or a bot listener, it will by default show an error in the console 

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
When an error occurs in an ext.commands command, a client event, or a bot listener, it will by default show an error in the console 
```

to denote that the error ocurred. If you wish to handle errors a different way, an error handler is needed.

In :ref:`Commands <discord_ext_commands>`
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Error handlers are called for every exception that occurs within a command's body, :func:`before invoke <discord.ext.commands.before_invoke>` and 
:func:`after invoke <discord.ext.commands.after_invoke>` hooks, :ref:`command converters <ext_commands_converters>`, :ref:`command checks <ext_commands_checks>`, etc.

These errors inherit from :exc:`~.ext.commands.CommandError`. If an error that occurs during the execution of a command does not inherit from :exc:`~.ext.commands.CommandError`, 

> it will automatically get wrapped in a :exc:`~.ext.commands.CommandInvokeError`, to retrieve/unwrap this error we need to access the error's ``.original`` attribute.

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
it will automatically get wrapped in a :exc:`~.ext.commands.CommandInvokeError`; to retrieve/unwrap this error we need to access the error's ``.original`` attribute.
```

**Example**

.. code-block:: python3

    @bot.event
    async def on_command_error(ctx: commands.Context, error: commands.CommandError):

>         """ a CommandInvokeError example """

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
        """A CommandInvokeError example"""
```
Any particular reason whitespace is around some of the docstrings?

        # if the error is a CommandInvokeError, we re-assign 
        # the "error" to the original error. 
        if isinstance(error, commands.CommandInvokeError):
            error = error.original
        
        # Then, our actual logic goes here...

\* *example using a global error handler*

.. _eh_commands_global:

Global Error handlers
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

You can create global error handlers by creating :func:`.on_command_error` events or listeners, which work like any other event in 
the :ref:`discord-api-events`.

**Example**

.. code-block:: python3
    :emphasize-lines: 1, 2

    @bot.listen()
    async def on_command_error(ctx: commands.Context, error: commands.CommmandError) -> None:

>         """ This is an example global error handler. """

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
        """This is an example global error handler."""
```

            error = error.original

        # Then we continue with our actual logic:
        # We use isinstance() to check which error ocurred:
        if isinstance(error, commands.CommandNotFound):
            await ctx.send("I couldn't find that command, sorry!")

        elif isinstance(error, commands.NotOwner):
            await ctx.send("This command can only be used by my owner!")
            return
        else:
            # Important! We don't want our error handle to ignore the rest of the errors silently, without
            # telling us, so we add an `else` statement, and print unhandled errors in it.
            print(f"Ignoring unhandled exception in command {ctx.command!r}")
            traceback.print_exception(type(error), error, error.__traceback__)
            

.. note::
    We don't want our global error handler to indirectly silence our unhandled errors without displaying anything in the console, so we add
    an :ref:`else <py:else>` statement at the end of our logic and handle all the remaining 'unhandled' errors.

Local Error Handlers
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

.. _eh_cog_local:

In a :class:`~.ext.commands.Cog`

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

> To handle errors that occur in a specific :class:`~ext.commands.Cog` you override it's :meth:`~ext.commands.Cog.cog_command_error` method,

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
To handle errors that occur in a specific :class:`~ext.commands.Cog` you override its :meth:`~ext.commands.Cog.cog_command_error` method,
```

which gets called when an error occurs inside of Command defined within this Cog.

**Example**

.. code-block:: python3
    :emphasize-lines: 8

    class ExampleCog(commands.Cog):

        async def cog_check(self, ctx: commands.Context):

>             """ Custom check for this cog only. """

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
            """Custom check for this cog only."""
```

            if ctx.guild and ctx.guild.id != GUILD_ID:
                raise commands.DisabledCommand

        async def cog_command_error(self, ctx: commands.Context, error: commands.CommandError):

>             """ This error handler is only for this specific Cog. """

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
            """This error handler is only for this specific Cog."""
```

            if isinstance(error, commands.DisabledCommand):
                await ctx.send(f"The command {ctx.command!r} cannot be used in this server!")

.. _eh_command_local:

In a :class:`~.ext.commands.Command`

+++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++

To handle errors that occur in a specific command, we decorate a function with :meth:`~ext.commands.Command.error`, which will get
called when an error occurs in said command.

You can use the same function for multiple commands too, simply by adding multiple decorators on top of it.

**Example**

.. code-block:: python3
    :emphasize-lines: 17, 18

    @bot.command()
    @commands.has_permissions(kick_members=True)
    @commands.bot_has_permissions(kick_members=True)
    async def kick(ctx: commands.Context, member: discord.Member):

>         """ Kicks a member from this server. """

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
        """Kicks a member from this server."""
```

        await member.kick()
        await ctx.send(f"Kicked {member}! Bye bye.")

    @bot.command()
    @commands.has_permissions(ban_members=True)
    @commands.bot_has_permissions(ban_members=True)
    async def ban(ctx: commands.Context, member: discord.User):

>         """ Bans a member from this server. """

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
        """Bans a member from this server."""
```

        await ctx.guild.ban(user)
        await ctx.send(f"Banned {member}! Begone.")

    @kick.error
    @ban.error
    async def kick_error(ctx: commands.Context, error: commands.CommandError):

>         """ This error handler is only for the `kick` and `ban` commands """

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
        """This error handler is only for the `kick` and `ban` commands."""
```

.. _eh_combining_error_handlers:

Using Global and Local Error Handlers Together
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Sometimes, you may want or need to use per-command, per-cog and/or global error handlers together, in these cases, there are multiple 
ways of checking if the error has already been handled before. There are many approaches on how to do this:

- Using the :meth:`Cog.has_error_handler <discord.ext.commands.Cog.has_error_handler>`
  and :meth:`Command.has_error_handler <discord.ext.commands.Command.has_error_handler>`
  methods in your global error handler.
- Attaching flags to the :class:`~.ext.commands.Context` to denote the error has been handled, taking advantage of order in which
  the error handlers are called: :ref:`Command-local <eh_command_local>` error handlers are run first, then :ref:`cog-local <eh_cog_local>`, 
  and at last :ref:`global <eh_commands_global>` error handlers.

**Example**

*1. In the local error handler, we attach an attribute to our Context:*

.. code-block:: python3

    @ban.error
    async def ban_error(ctx: commands.Context, error: commands.CommandError):

>         """ Handles only the MissingRequiredArgument error. """

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
        """Handles only the MissingRequiredArgument error."""
```

        if isinstance(error, commands.MissingRequiredArgument):
            # We set an attribute to the context that will then
            # be detected in the global error handler.
            ctx.ignore_error = True

            # Then we do the rest
            await ctx.send(f'Please mention the person to ban using `{ctx.clean_prefix}ban @member`')

*2. Then, in our error handler, we use* :func:`getattr` *or* :func:`hasattr` *to check for the custom attribute we just set:*

.. code-block:: python3

    @bot.listen('on_command_error')
    async def global_error_handler(ctx: commands.Context, error: commands.CommandError):

>         """ Global error handler that handles errors that aren't maked as ignored"""

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
        """Global error handler that handles errors that aren't marked as ignored."""
```

            return  # If so, we ignore the error

        # Simpler way to handle CommandInvokeError using getattr
        error = getattr(error, 'original', error)

        # Then we continue with our error handling as normal...
        print(f"Ignoring unhandled exception in command {ctx.command!r}")
        traceback.print_exception(type(error), error, error.__traceback__)

.. note::

    To further customize the behaviour of :class:`~.ext.commands.Context`, you can subclass it, and override 
    :meth:`~.ext.commands.Bot.get_context` in your :class:`~.ext.commands.Bot` subclass.

    .. details:: <b>Example</b>
    
        .. code-block:: python3

            class MyCustomContext(commands.Context):
                def __init__(self, *args, **kwargs):
                    super().__init__(*args, **kwargs)

                    # setting our custom flag/variable
                    self.ignore_error = False
            
            class MyCustomBot(commands.Bot):

                # overwrite the get_context method of Bot, so it uses
                # our custom Context class with our flag.
                async def get_context(self, message: discord.Message, *, cls = None):

>                     #using our custom context if no class is given

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
                    # using our custom context if no class is given
```

                    # Important! We don't want our error handle to ignore the rest of the errors silently, without
                    # telling us, so we add an `else` statement, and print unhandled errors in it.
                    print(f"Ignoring unhandled exception in application command {command!r}")
                    traceback.print_exception(type(error), error, error.__traceback__)
            
            bot.run('TOKEN')
                

In :ref:`Events <discord-api-events>`
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

If an error ocurrs in an event, it does not go to any command error handler, as it is not a command. These errors are instead
propagated to :meth:`~Client.on_error`, and can be retrieved with a standard call to :func:`sys.exc_info`. 

.. note::

    ``on_error`` will only be dispatched to :meth:`Client.event`.

    It will not be received by :meth:`Client.wait_for`, or, if used, :ref:`ext_commands_api_bot` listeners such as
    :meth:`~ext.commands.Bot.listen` or :meth:`~ext.commands.Cog.listener`.

**Example**

.. code-block:: python3

    import sys
    import traceback

    @client.event
    async def on_error(event: str, *args, **kwargs):

>         """ Handles errors in events. """

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
        """Handles errors in events."""
```

        # First we get the information of the error:
        err_type, err_value, err_traceback = sys.exc_info()

        # Then we can use it to generate a traceback text:
        err_lines = traceback.format_exception(err_type, err_value, err_traceback)
        err_text = ''.join(err_lines)

        # Then we can do whatever with these, for example, printing them to console,
        # or even sending them to some log channel to keep track of them!
        print(f"Ignoring unhandled exception in event {event!r}\n{err_text}")

In :ref:`Interactions <interactions_api>`
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

In :ref:`Views <discord_ui_kit>`
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Handling errors in a :class:`~.ui.View` is as simple as overriding it's :meth:`~.ui.View.on_error`.

**Example**

.. code-block:: python3

    class ErrorHandledView(discord.ui.View):

        async def on_error(self, error: Exception, item: discord.ui.Item, interaction: discord.Interaction):

>             """ Handles errors for this view. """

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
            """Handles errors for this view."""
```

            ...

..
    Should I expand on this example here? or is an ellipsis fine?

In :ref:`Application Commands <discord_app_commands>`
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

There are two ways of handling errors in a :class:`~.app_commands.CommandTree`:
  - Subclassing :class:`~.app_commands.CommandTree` and overriding :meth:`~.app_commands.CommandTree.on_error`.
  - Decorating a function with :meth:`~.app_commands.CommandTree.error`, which is the recommended way.

All errors that are raised by an application command derive from :exc:`~.app_commands.CommandError`. If an error that occurs during a 
command does not inherit from :exc:`~.ext.commands.CommandError`, it will get wrapped in a :exc:`~.app_commands.CommandInvokeError`, 
to retrieve/unwrap this error we need to access the error's ``.original`` attribute.

**Example**

.. code-block:: python3

    from discord import app_commands

    client = discord.Client()
    tree = app_commands.CommandTree(client)

    @tree.error
    async def tree_error_handler(interaction: discord.Interaction, error: app_commands.CommandError):

>         """ Handles errors for all application commands

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
        """Handles errors for all application commands
```

.. note::
    We don't want our error handler to indirectly silence our unhandled application command errors without displaying anything in the console, 
    so we add an :ref:`else <py:else>` statement at the end of our logic and handle all the remaining 'unhandled' errors.

.. warning::
    :ref:`ext_commands_api_bot` already has a :attr:`Bot.tree <~ext.commands.Bot.tree>` associated with it, attempting to create a 
    new one will cause a :class:`~.ClientException` to be raised denoting that there is already a tree associated with that client.

In :ref:`Tasks <discord_ext_tasks>`
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

If an error occurs in a :meth:`~ext.tasks.loop` it will, by default, print the error to console and stop the task from running. 
If you'd like to overwrite this behaviour, you can add an error handler that calls :meth:`~ext.tasks.Loop.restart` on the loop on 
top of printing the error, or sending it to a channel or whatever you may want.

**Example**

.. code-block:: python3
    :emphasize-lines: 9
    
    import traceback
    from discord.ext import tasks

    @tasks.loop(hours=1)
    async def hourly_message():

>         """ Sends a message to a channel every hour """

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
        """Sends a message to a channel every hour."""
```

        channel = bot.get_channel(GUILD_ID)
        await channel.send('Hello from the discord.py guide!')

    @hourly_message.error
    async def hourly_message_error(error: Exception):

>         """ Handles errors for my hourly task """

Reviewer 6: ```suggestion
        """Handles errors for my hourly task."""
```
